 Please hold, your feud is important to us. This episode is brought to you by Sentry. They just launched Session Replay. It's a video-like reproduction of exactly what the user sees when using your application. And I'm here with Ryan Albrecht, Senior Software Engineer at Sentry, and one of the leads behind their Emerging Technologies team that built this feature. Ryan, what is this team all about? Emerging Technologies has been one of the greatest teams I've been working on in my career. And I think it's been highly successful. We just today launched Session Replay. And so it's a big celebration here, but I think that what we've built is going to be able to help all of our customers to solve their problems faster and really look at debugging and fixing issues in a new way. So what is Session Replay? Session Replay, it's a video-like reproduction of what your user saw. Instead of recording a video, we're recording the actual DOM nodes that appear and disappear on the screen. And then we can replay those to you in your own browser. So what this lets you do is you can actually see exactly what the user experienced in the application, take the guesswork out of trying to triage and what are the reproduction steps, stop at a point and inspect the DOM to see, you know, was this paragraph tag in the right spot? What are the CSS and the background colors? You can look at everything as if you were on that customer's machine. There you go. So if you've been playing detective, trying to track down support tickets, read through breadcrumbs, stack traces, and the like, trying to recreate the situation of a bug or an issue that your application has. Now you have a game-changing feature called Session Replay. Head to sentry.io and log into your dashboard. It's right there in the sidebar to set up in your front end. And if you're not using Sentry, hey, what's going on? Head to sentry.io and use the code PARTYTIME. That gets you three months for free on the team plan. Again, sentry.io and use the code PARTYTIME. This is JS Party, your weekly celebration of JavaScript and the web. Bandwidth for JS Party is provided by Fastly. Learn more at Fastly.com. And our podcasting platform is powered by Fly. Host your app servers and database close to your users. No ops required. Learn more at fly.io. Welcome, friends. This is Front End Feud, everyone's favorite award-worthy game show. Made by the award-winning JS Party podcast that you're listening to this very moment. I'm Jared Santo. And I'd like to thank all 100 of our savvy, tasteful, good-looking audience members for taking the time to take the survey, which makes this game possible. After dethroning the Shop Talk guys last time we played, Unicravitz and Adam Argyle are back from the CSS podcast defending their title. Welcome to the show. Woo! Thank you. Let's see if we can go two for two. We shall see. We shall see. We shall see and our challengers, we have David and Shaw from the Key Framer Show. Welcome, guys. Hey, thanks for having us. Thanks for having us. Ah, jinx. Jinx. They're already on the same page. This is a problem, Adam. That may not work if we're trying to sync up on what the audience is thinking though. Exactly. That's true. Now, I've been told that it's customary in game shows to take a moment and get to know each of our contestants. But I didn't really have time to prep for this, so I asked our intern Larry to do some research and write up a question, one for each of you, which I will read now. So, Yuna, do you remember the first time you rode a bike without training wheels? Huh. I do remember. All right. Thank you. Adam, who is your daddy and what does he do? I'm a cop, you idiot. Very good. David, I'm told you play the piano. I do. Where do you think Elton John gets those fancy outfits he wears on stage? Oh, I don't know. Probably coordinates with Billy Joel. I have no idea. Good answer. Shaw, do you like apples? Yeah, they're pretty good. Well, I got her number. How do you like that? Larry, that's terrible. Gosh. Let's just move on. Let's move on to our game, which, as you know, is not a game about how much front end or JavaScript or developer information you all have in your heads. It's how well you know the life of a developer, the choices, the answers that our listening audience put into those text boxes on the survey. So here's how it works. We have six rounds, of course, two teams. Each round has a game board in which we have a statement followed by the top matching answers, highest to lowest. Your job is to match the highest ranking answers, accumulate points, and the team with the most points at the end of six rounds wins. Now each round starts with what we call an interface off because we love puns and in which one person from each team steps up and gets to guess first. The person who matches the highest ranking answer on the board during that time gets to take the round and their team plays that entire round until the three strikes occur, at which point the other team can steal the points in the round with one guess. Now there's no conferring between you and your teammate during the regular round, but during the steal, y'all can talk, decide and figure out which steal you're going to play. Any questions? When does Steve Harvey get here? You're looking at him. I'm your Steve Harvey today. I apologize in advance. This is as good as it's going to get. All right, first up in our interface off, it is David versus Yuna. Step right up. All right, ladies first, Yuna. We asked 100 JS party listeners, which server side JavaScript runtime do they expect to be using three years from now? What do you suppose was their response? Runtime. So is this like node JS? Because that's been pretty popular for a long time and likely will continue. Is that your answer? Yes, that's my final answer. Final answer. Final answer. Survey says that is the number one answer. So 43 of a hundred said they would be using node three years from now. So that means David does not get a chance. I apologize, but you know, stole the board and now team CSS podcast gets to play. There are four total answers on the board. You've got the number one answer and you now need to find the other three. I shall say in order to make it on the board and answer must have at least five responses. So you may match something that somebody said, but we had to have five people say it for it to make the board. So CSS podcast is live. This is a hard one. It's Adam's turn. There's three left. You already have node, which server side JS runtime do you expect to be using? Do people expect to be using three years from now? The one I just built my site on top of Dino. Show me Dino. It is on there. Let's find out where it is. Can't just rearrange letters. It's cheating. In fact, number two, 30 respondents. So they've been using Dino three years from now. Very good. So we go back. I got another one. Is this on Una or? Yeah, it goes back to her now. So you'll have another chance. It goes back to me. Yep. It toggles back and forth till we get three strikes. You're halfway there, but there are two responses left. What do you think, Una? God, I don't know. Server side runtime. I don't even know if this is a server side runtime, but I know that there is a tool that's been growing in popularity, which has server side rendering. I just don't know if this is a runtime or counts because it's a server, but this is what runs a server, right? Remember that the answers for the survey were completely based on the interpretation of the question by the survey taker so they can take it however they want. I can't clarify what I meant because it meant something different to everybody. So go ahead and guess and just see what you can do. God, this is going to be wrong. This is going to be wrong, but for some reason I feel I'm thinking VEET, but that's not a server side runtime. Show me VEET. Yeah, I'm sorry, but yes, that is incorrect. So you now have one strike against you and we go back to Adam. I say Bun. Show me some buns. Show us buns. Bun is on the list. Number four with seven responses. So now we have note at number one, Dino at number two, number three is a question mark, and Bun with seven. You have one strike. So two more wrong guesses before a steal. You know we're back to you. Okay, so I'm thinking with things like Node being very popular, maybe people are thinking along those lines. So maybe people are thinking of like everything I'm thinking was a framework on top of a runtime. That's the problem. This is a hard one. Damn, my next thought goes like, oh, what if it's something like Express, if they're thinking about Node but they're not sure what the right answer is here. But that's not a runtime. It's a framework that you use on top of Node. Can I phone a friend? We will need some sort of a guess. A different show. That's a different show. We do not have that kind of budget around here. What about Adam? Adam is my friend. Well, you can get one wrong and be back to him. He gets another chance. You can just guess whatever you like. Remember, it's what they said. It's not what is correct. That's true. I'll guess Express, but I just know that's probably not it. Unless it is. Show me Express. It is not Express. I will say that there was at least one response that was Express. So you were not completely wrong, but not five. No, I was wrong. I knew that I was wrong. I was trying to throw you a bone. Two strikes. Back to Adam. Okay, this is it. You got one guess. You got one on the board. What do you think people said to this question about JS runtimes three years from now? Yep. I'm just going to go with the first one that I wrote down. Not sure if it's totally it, but maybe there's multiple terms, but it's either cloud flare workers or edge workers in general. So just running your servers at the edge in a serverless function. Okay, show us edge workers. I'm sorry. That is also not on the board. We now have an opportunity to steal. There's 80 points up for grabs. So key framers guys, if you steal this, you get the 80 plus the correct answer. If you don't, the 80 goes to unit and Adam and we move on. So you get one guess. You can discuss together. Fingers crossed. At number three slot. What is it? What is it? All right. Well, what are you thinking, David? What do you think? I mean, I was also thinking cloud flare cloud flare workers were workers too, but there has to be something else obvious that we're not thinking of. Web assembly is the only thing that's coming to mind for me. You know what? Yeah, I think that's a, but let's go for it. That's a good guess. Web assembly. Final answer for the steel web assembly. I'm sorry, but it was not web assembly, which means CSS podcast is awarded 80 points. See, this is the luck aspect. And you will now see what is that magical number three. It's not IO JS, right? That was a basil or something. One thing you have to know about JS party listeners is they were loved to reject the premise of the question. Oh, the answer is none. They do not see themselves using a JS runtime. I was trying to answer with the rejection of the premise as well. Right. What if they just misspelled node? You know, it doesn't count. Oh, also possibility. Eight people misspelled node. They're just a few keyboard clicks away. Didn't one just show up though after bun like bun bun got their funding and I thought somebody else showed up recently. That's like another fast and I couldn't remember what it was, but maybe I'm confusing it with what about browser based JS runtimes? No, that makes less a few other runners up. So three people said remix to said Astro. One person said Ruby on rails. Yeah, but those are frameworks. What? That's the same problem, not runtimes. That's the same problem. And one person said an unreleased go framework, which I think they're going to be releasing or something, but that's what they're going to be using three years from now. You heard it here first. So you heard it here first. All right. That brings us to round two. So after the first round, CSS podcast holds on to their 80 points. We now move to round two and our interface off is between Shaw and Adam. Step right up. Brothers from another mother. Let's go. All right. We'll let Shaw go first on this one. The question is every big tech company wants to hire you. Compensation is identical. Which do you choose? There are five answers on the board. Shaw, we go to you. Ah, man, that's tough. What does the audience think is the question? I'm going to go with Apple. Show us Apple. You are correct. And it is the number one answer with 21 respondents choosing Apple, which means key framers, you get to play this round. And we go to David for another guess. Awesome. While running through the thing, Manga, whatever we want to call it. I would say another one would be I just came from Microsoft. So I don't know if that's the obvious one, though. Oh, oh, man, is open AI. You know what? Let's go with the obvious first. Microsoft. Show us Microsoft. Number two answer with 18. Very nice. Back to you, Shaw. We are now rolling in round two. I'm going to say Google is definitely on there. Show us Google. Number three answer. 13 points to you, sir. Very well played. Going down the list. Do we get extra points for going in order? You get kudos from me. You have the top three, four and five. Of course, it gets more difficult as you get further down because there's lots of big tech companies to guess from. David, what are you thinking? I was going to say Amazon, but that's like the only reason you would work there is for the compensation. No offense. But if it's identical, then you know what? Let's do Netflix. That's a big one. Show us Netflix. Number five answer. Very good. So you lost your purity in order, but you did not lose your purity in guesses. So you're four for four. There's one left. Number four is still open. Zero strikes against you. So you have three guesses at this before steel. I wouldn't want to work there, but Meta slash Facebook is probably on the list. Somewhere mostly because of their react development. I'm sure people want to be a part of show us Meta. Strike number one, not in the top five. David, back to you. Good on you, audience. All right, let's let's go with the obvious Amazon. Show me Amazon. What Amazon had three, but didn't quite make the top five. Geez. Now we have two strikes. We're down to our last guess. Una and Adam start thinking about a steal. Okay. What else is in the acronym? We've got, uh, uh, man, I'm not even thinking of any other top companies. Am I allowed to help or are we on the same team? Not at this point during a steal, you can help. Okay. Yes, it's, it's not Amazon. It's not Meta and get hubs a part of Microsoft. So that did you combine audience answers into? Yes. Get hub is Microsoft. Yes. Okay. Ah, geez. Let's go with open AI. I'm sure there's some interest out there. Open AI is it in that number four slot survey says? No, it is not. I'm sorry, but you could not clear the board. And so now we have an opportunity to steal from CSS podcast and you guys can discuss. So what are you thinking? I'm thinking that this is a benefits based answer. Probably. That's kind of where my head's at. All right. I'm thinking about where everybody just left these big companies. Where did they all go? What was number one spot? If you did work at Apple, Microsoft, Google, where'd you bounce? Who stole everyone recently? Apple fired no one. Apple fired no one. I think that's why they're on top on it. Honestly, that's a good, but I think Shopify. Um, you know, that's a good idea. What do you think of Spotify? That was also on my list. And the other one on my list here is Versa. Because they're so hot right now. Everyone's probably going to want to work there and if compensation's good. But I wouldn't call that a big tech company. So this is hard. This is hard because you only get one answer. I know a lot of great people that went to Shopify. I only know a couple that went to Spotify. But I can't say that they're doing better now than they were a year ago. I mean, nobody is not the people of the company. Spotify has those sweet, sweet benefits, just like Netflix. I think that people are thinking about the benefits with Netflix answer too. Yeah. Shopify was all stock, right? Because they're like the e-commerce backbone. Well, we're running out of time here. You're going to have to confer and pick one of these. All right, Adam, you pick. I'm going to say Shopify based on the stats of who and where. I don't know. OK. For the steal and 61 additional points to add to your score is Shopify number four. It is not. So we will award the 61 points to the key framers. It's going to be none. Actually, I wrote self. I wrote myself on my thing. I should have remembered that. And I will say that you guys did not learn from last round, of course. Twelve people said none. Should have saw that one coming, but it's difficult. So three people said Amazon. Three people said Vercell. Three said Spotify. Two said Netflix. Two said Cloudflare. One said Adobe, presumably after they heard about Katy Perry's Mushroom Field Fantasyland. And one said anyone that lets me write Ruby. And then one said the one with the least crazy CEO. So there's a few runners up. I feel like there's one audience member that's really set on Ruby on Rails. I think so. For real. Yeah. All the Ruby answers are coming in by one person. So we're going to go through the rounds. It's a tight game. CSS Podcast with 80 key framers with 61. And we move now to round three. What's up party people? This episode is brought to you by our new friends at LoloCode. LoloCode lets you build cloud agnostic serverless apps that make it too easy to go from zero to one. LoloCode is your backend with a visual editor that lets you think and build at the same time. No servers to worry about. This is serverless. And I'm here with Gabor Naj, software engineer at LoloCode. Tell me Gabor, what gets you excited about LoloCode for developers? So LoloCode is sort of all about the mentality of reducing the threshold and the pain of getting something from having an idea to actually having something in production. I think that a lot of developers that I know and that are out there know the sort of frustration of having an idea and wanting to prototype it. And it being a pretty difficult process of actually getting from, okay, I have an idea and actually having a stack, having code, having deployed into a cloud or whatever. It takes quite a bit of work. And Lolo really focuses on minimizing the effort required for that process to actually take place. It's LoloCode environment built for developers, so that actually means that you get to visualize the different nodes and the data flows between them in your application, which kind of makes the whole process of prototyping and the whole process of sketching out the architecture and getting a better understanding of what it is that you're actually building and how the whole thing functions much easier to understand while you're actually developing the application. So instead of having to spend hours with a whiteboard first, you can actually sit down and start sketching out your application by creating these nodes and creating these links between them while you're actually already doing the development work. Very cool. Thank you, Gabor. So LoloCode is built for developers. Try it free today. No credit card required. Check them out at Lolo.co.js. Party again. Lolo.co.js. Party. Now, this round is a little bit different. We call this the inverted round. So we're just going to take turns team by team, guessing responses. But the points at the bottom of the board are higher than the points at the top. So while you're trying to match the board, you're actually trying to match the least popular answer to get more points. The question that we asked our listeners, how many monitors do you use while coding? There are four responses on the board, and I will say the least popular response is worth the most points. So David and Shaw played the last round. Let's let Yuna and Adam start this round. We're just going to go back and forth. And let's start with Yuna. Go ahead and guess what you think people said when we asked them how many monitors they use while coding. OK, so this is how many monitors they use, but the least popular answer. That's what you want to get. They're all worth points. So you can get the top score and get points, but you're going to get more points by getting the bottom score. Well, I know how many I use. I think what I want to go with is three. Like if they have two monitors and their laptop, that's going to hurt your neck. But I know people do it. So my answer is three. All right, show us three. Three is on the board and it is in slot number three. Oh, 14 people use three monitors, which means you get 15 points for that response. I'll award those now and now we'll go back to key framers and let's go to Shaw. How many monitors people use while coding? Let's see if we're going least popular, I'm going to say one is on there, but it's not it's not going to be the not going to be the top one. Show us one. Yes, one is on there and it's the number two response. So you get slightly less points. You still score 1035 people out of the hundred use one monitor will award those points now and go back to CSS podcast. I'm team one. And we'll go to Adam. So we have one monitor is taken three monitors has taken those are the two and three slots, the one and the four are still available. Of course, the four is worth more than the one. What do you think? I'm going to go with the pattern we've seen. People are going to say none. You're going to reject it. I don't say don't. No monitor coding. That's just their laptop. I'm not using a monitor right now. So that's valid. Yeah, I'm assuming this is like people are going to think of this as external monitors because it's impossible to I guess it's not impossible to code without a monitor. But people are going to say none. Just whatever is built in or whatever. So that's my answer. Bold, very bold. Did anybody say they code with no monitors? They sure did. One person. I mean, an assumption of the rule. Zero monitors and they said I am fully blind and I do everything by touch. So they don't use a monitor because they can't see wonderful. Very cool. So you get 20 points for that. Congratulations. And this the number one answer still out there. So award those will go back to key framers and we'll go to David for the last one out there. I think you can probably infer what it is. Yes. Two. Yes. The number one answer. 16 monitors. Two monitors. 50 literally half of the people are using two monitors when they code. That's worth five points. Will award those and thus ends our inverted around. Good job. Adam on. I didn't think anybody was going to get the zero on this one because it's so so obscure. But there we go. All right. Let's head to round four. Okay. So beginning round four we have key framers with 76 CSS podcast with 115. It's anybody's game. There's two more regular rounds and then the last round is double points. So if you're behind you have a big chance of coming back in round six. We asked 100 days party listeners to finish the sentence. I couldn't code without what without blank. We will now have a interface off. We're back to David and you know facing off. So you know went first the first time right. And we'll have David go first this time. David there are six answers on the board. What couldn't people code without. I will say on this round and a few others the responses vary but kind of mean the same thing. So we group in the categories. So if you hit a very specific thing it's in a category I'll let you know and we won't count it as a guess. Okay. Well I know that I can't code without coffee. I turn coffee into code. So okay show us coffee. It's on the board. Where is on the board. It's at number four with 11 responses. So you know does have a chance to match higher than that. What is something else that people can't code without continuing on the alliteration. I can't code without a computer without a computer taking it very literally. The math checks out their audience take it as literally as that. They sure did. Number one answer was hardware where there was a keyboard. People said keyboard they said computer they said electricity or Internet. I was thinking electricity. We grouped all those together and that's 23 people. So CSS podcast you are playing this round. Adam we go to you. There's still four slots open. What else can people not code without. Nice. We've crossed off a lot of my does second monitor. Is that in hardware. I kind of assume it would be second monitor. Yeah any sort of hardware is in there. Even no monitor is in there I suppose. Knowing some of your listeners I'm going to say TypeScript. Oh show us TypeScript. I'm happy to announce that that is incorrect. Yeah I'm actually in the same boat. I don't need TypeScript but I thought everyone else did. You've been overwhelmed. Yes you've been influenced by Nick Neesee. He's strong on the message but no we are out there still in force. Us regular JavaScript authors. All right but that's a strike. So we go back to you and now you got one strike against you. All right I'm still on this literal train. I can't code without a text editor of some sort. Show us text editor. Yeah number two answer 22 responses. Some said editor some said specific editors like Vim VS code etc. We put them all in one group and that was number two. So we're back to Adam one strike. You got half the board cleared but it's still half up there. What do you think. It's getting tricky. You got this Adam. I'd say hands but you know like is that hardware. And I know people can code without their hands right. You just like no I don't need hands to code. I'll code with my voice. You know coded VR with your elbows or something. I don't know. I am going to say hands fingers and hands. That's not grouped into hardware. I think that's kind of wet where I don't know what kind of where that is but is it on there. Yes it is. Oh I got lucky. Oh man I thought for sure I was going down and it's in the general category of body parts. This includes brains hands eyeballs and other such things that you can't code without at least some people cannot. All right. So that's still one strike back to you. Now we got two things left three and six. All right. I'm thinking like people would probably say something like stack overflow or like a way to help them like get answers. So I'm going to say stack overflow. I don't know that's been grouped into a larger section is stack overflow. It's one of the things that people cannot code without. Yes it is. And it's grouped into the generic thing of Google Stack Overflow GitHub Web Resources Helpers. Yeah. Fourteen people. So the board is almost cleared. You got five of six. The last one is still on there. Seventy six points awarded so far and one strike. He had two guesses at number six. Back to Adam. Yeah there's there's some silly ones on here but I feel like another silly one is sitting there at number six. I could go really heady you know like purpose but I don't think your audience people were like I can only code with purpose. What are you trying to say about our audience. They don't have purpose. I'm a user centric engineer. So for me I'd be like I can't code unless there's a user because otherwise I'm just coding into the ether. But again heady don't think anyone else is going to say that's very Adam thing to say. You could be your own user. I could be my own user. I'm going to go with the only other thing on my list that maybe makes sense which is funding money money. So you have to give me stuff to do this. I'm not going to do this for free ish. That's a good answer. Yeah compensation maybe shows compensation. Sorry not on their compensation. I thought it was a good try. It was a good guess. But you know some of us just code for the love two strikes strikes you know back to you. I lose money when I code. Time is money. I don't think I have a better answer. But the place my mind went was like what are your physical needs when you're doing any task and sleep is one of them. So maybe I can't code if I'm sleep deprived. I need my sleep. Hmm show us sleep. I'm sorry sleep is not on the list but this provides opportunity to the key framers to get back in the game here. Lots of points to steal. We turn to you. You can discuss. It's number six. So not very many people said it. In fact five said it. But what do you think they said. What was that last response. Go ahead and discuss. So Shaw one recent trends that's been all over Twitter and the Internet's has been a chat GPT and I know that personally I rely on a on it like a good bunch to do coding. So yeah I think that's I think that's good. I don't know that the audience will be will be fully on that train. Don't underestimate them. So none is a possibility here. I couldn't cope with that. That's always a possibility. I reject your premise sir. Yes there's at least one response that's Ruby on Rails. For sure. That's true. But a more realistic answer is probably like source control like get that that kind of thing or open source like NPM and hmm. So we got a eye on one hand and open source. Where do you think our audience is going. I feel like I feel like you know when asked this question like a lot. I don't know. I'm still stuck on the chat GPT thing or you know just sorry co-pilot. That's why I meant. All right. Let's let's let go of it. Now a quick meta game here. You know what if one of you is right and the other one's wrong. How are we going to feel that we go with one and not the other. It's just going to tear up the key framer. Just just have the points. Could this be the end of the key framer. You know it you know the behind the band. You know years from now. What happened was this answer on front and viewed. Well let's see what it is here. You said get a co-pilot slash AI. Helpers their audience say that I'm sorry but they did not. Oh man. I'm so sorry. But in order to keep the band together I'll say Shaw was also wrong and the correct answer. Well let's award these points here to CSS pod terminal. Right. And the correct answer was peace and quiet and muting all the things. And so they need to have a space. They need a space. You know was in the ballpark with her physical needs. You're just sleep was a little bit outside of it. Was a little bit outside of what they were saying. Now there were other responses. I guess you have peace when you're sleeping. Come on. You still got the points. Just kidding. I thought that source control was a very good answer. I did too as well. Like tooling in general you would think although editors kind of on the fringe of that. But one person said patience and stubbornness which I thought was funny because we asked for one thing. One person said wasting 50 percent of my time on meetings. And so they were pretty sour. And when we talk about literal the one thing I can't close out are the letters C O D and E. So that was a snarky response I thought. OK. Thanks guys. All right. So this ends round four. I'm surprised no one said programming languages and there was no Ruby on Rails. So while it was a good guess they got sick of answering that particular thing. After four rounds we have CSS podcast pulling away a little bit. It's still in play but it's one ninety one to seventy six. Let's move to round five. All right. Oh and it turns out I forgot this but round five is also inverted. So this will be just like round three where we go back and forth. You're trying to match the bottom of the board and the phrase they're matching against is my primary web browser is blank. My primary web browser is blank. Let's start with the key framers this time. And David. All right. The hot new one is ARC. I feel like there's a couple of people who've answered that. It is a great browser. Show us ARC. You are correct sir. And it's near the bottom of the list. Number four. So you're awarded 20 points for that. Very nice answer. Now we go over to CSS pod. You know I'm just going to say Chrome. She's taken the easy points this Chrome on there. Of course it is. And it is number one. So you get five points back to he framers and shot. Oh I didn't realize this was an inverted one. My bad. That was my fault. I thought it was normal and then I had five points is five points. I'm going to go I'm going to go Safari. I think that's probably toward the bottom. Show us Safari. Yes it is the worst answer which makes it the best answer. Yes. Six people. Twenty five points. Award those to you. The plot thickens. Adam we're over to you. Two and three are still on the board. Yeah Firefox. Firefox is on there. Number two. Ten points awarded to you. And key framers can they swipe up. What's the word. Swoop up. Sweep up. That's the word. Can they sweep up these last 15 points. David's turn. What's in the middle. I mean I have two good answers. One of them is silly. One of them is more realistic. But considering the audience I'm going to say people gave a joke answer of Internet Explorer. That's a very interesting guess. Is it on there. No they took this one seriously. You had the exact wrong time to go. Jokey. You know. Oh Microsoft Edge. Yep. The other the other one from Microsoft Microsoft Edge. Oh not on the list. Back to key framers are shocked. Come on. Sure. Man the only other one on my list right now is is brave given the tech audience. That's a that seems to be a go to. Is it on there. Show us brave. Strong. It is. You found it. Number three 16 people using brave or 15 points. And that concludes round five. Hey it's a tight game. We have key framers with 136 CSS podcast with 206. There were a couple other answers. So four people said edge to with Vivaldi. That's less than Safari. Shipping more points. Yeah but it didn't make the top. It wasn't. I didn't have the requisite five. It's tricky. Well and there's one lonely opera user. Hi opera user. Hey there. It's cable from jazz party and I want to talk to you about a new service I'm offering for engineers as you advance from junior to senior to staff engineer or move into management. There comes a point where the skills that got you to where you are are not enough to keep you moving forward where the answer to your question isn't on stack overflow because your problem has more than enough to keep you moving forward. You're not even on stack overflow because your problem has more to do with people and how to get them to make the right choices than about writing code. Congratulations. You've reached the border to becoming an engineering leader. If you're lucky when you hit this point you have a manager or senior peer that can help guide you through the transition. But most of us aren't that lucky and that's where I want to help coaching engineers through the transition to becoming engineering leaders was the most satisfying part of my last job. And now I'm offering it as a paid service. Now you may have never worked with a coach before and you're not sure what it would look like. I get it. That's why I'm offering free exploratory sessions to try it out. Learn what it's like and work through a challenge you're facing right now. So if you're curious or you're feeling stuck head over to cable that LLC slash coaching. You can learn more about what I'm offering and sign up for your free exploratory session. That's KBA LL LLC slash coaching. We now go to our final round and this one has twice as many points on the board. I love that music. Thank you. Round six the final round double score. We'll go back to our interface off this time it'll be Shaw versus Adam. And please remind me who went first the first time so I can be fair. Was it you Shaw? I think it was I think it was me. Okay. Does that sound right? I don't know. It was so long ago. Well let's just assume you're correct and go with Adam. So the question what one word sums up why you make software and I'll say this is another one where we end up grouping some words together that meant very similar things. But there are six answers on the board. It's anybody's game. Probably whoever wins this round wins this edition of Front of Feud. So no pressure. Absolutely. Adam but you're up. Thank you for that no pressure warning. You're welcome. Okay I'm just gonna say it's for the love. It's not maybe it's in the middle. I don't know love passion you know. Show us love. I'm sorry. I'm alone. Apparently that hurts. No love. There's no love on this board. Shaw that means it's wide open for you to take the round. Yeah the opposite of love money. I'm gonna say zone there. Well played. Show us money. Yep that one's on there and it is in slot number two. 15 people responded which is worth 30 points and you now take the board. So key framers will play this round. Number two is taken one three four five and six are still out there. David what do you think. For fun enjoyment pleasure fun. Fun enjoyment pleasure but notably not love but no final is fun on there. Oh number one answer. Yes joy fun enjoyment. Very good. OK one and two are gone shot back to you to solve a problem fulfill a need. Your your second phrase kind of ruined it for me. Do I give it to him anyways. It's close. Yes I'll give it to you. Number three was puzzles challenges and problem solving to fill a need was kind of like maybe moving beyond the whole challenge of it but I'll give it to you. No you you need to solve a problem. Make sense. Fair enough. Well like I need some piece of software to do X Y Z. So I write it right. Yeah see that's further away. I think these people are thinking like the puzzle aspect like the challenge of us of us. But you got problem solving that's that's like literally in the list. I gave it to you. You're good to go. One through three. You have four through six on the board. No strikes yet. So David you're up. I know a lot of people like besides it being a job a lot of people just like. Automating stuff. So I would say for automation show us automation. Ah there were a couple that agreed with you but not enough to make the board. So there's your first strike. It's getting pressure filled at this point. You need three more to take the game. So Shaw. Geez. So it's one word to that that makes things that makes things tricky like to to help like helping others. That's two words but show me help. Sorry but help is not on there now. We're down to two strikes. We have one more gas three on the board. So your backs up against it but you can still do this. David what do you think. OK so what some supply you make software you could do it for a job you could do it for money. As a puzzle I make software to you know what for which this is sort of a silly answer but for fame people want to you know be known. For the fame do jazz party listeners want the fame. Let's see it. I'm sorry but they did not say fame. Pretty good guess. We have the steel available to you guys over there at the CSS pod to retain your championship. You got three opportunities to drill it. What do you think. This is hard. I'm so glad they said a few that were on my list like David you and I were on the same page and I was like oh they're going to win and then I was like oh I expected more people to say automation for sure. Yeah automation was definitely on mine. So on mine I have tell a story and I have laws just for the laws I do it for that because I'm trying to think of what silly stuff people put in this. I think that's the first one the joy fun. Yeah I would group that under joy. So that just leaves me telling a story and that's yeah I'm I don't know this is a tough one. She got yeah ends me you know you're just like making money got job security. So it's not like that one kind of wraps up you know family security whatever like I write software because it's like a stable tech job. Or maybe that's it. It's stable software is perceptively stable. What do you think you know. Are we allowed to talk on this one. Yeah this is a steal. Oh I wasn't sure. OK. I OK. I have some thoughts. I mean my first thought was I think I was going to say I OK. I have some thoughts. I mean my first thought is like you know the money the benefits. I don't that's probably included in the job. All those reasons. I also think like the impact of making software you know reaching people kind of making a difference like the way that you can work on something that a lot of people use it feels like you're there's purpose to it. Yeah I'm wondering if that's in problem solving. I was thinking the same thing and I didn't know. I don't think it is because the way Jared responded to that answer. Are you trying to read my eyes. Yeah. I'm over here. I'm on Reddit so I'm not sure what you guys are talking about. I think that the logic aspect of it is like the challenge but the impact aspect of it is like why do you do that. Impact is a good one. Yeah. All right. Should we go with that. Yeah. Impact making a difference. OK. So to set the stage we have key framers 136. Yes has podcast 206. These points are theirs unless you can steal it. You have three opportunities on the board. You guessed impact. We've already have joy money puzzles. What else could be possibly on there is impact on the board. Yes it is. It's grouped into satisfaction accomplishment and impact. So six people said that. That's 12 points. That's a steal. That's all the points. And once again the CSS podcast defended this time their championship. You are the winner once again. Congratulations. That made an impact. You know well done. Let's clear the rest of this board just for the lolz. Number four was creativity. Nice. OK. Or craft or hobby. They do it as a hobby. Sometimes you're like isn't that fun. Yeah but they said the word hobby not the word fun. So trying to keep them separate categories there. Number five curiosity and interest. Again somewhat related the problem solving and challenges but they were using these words and so we let them stand on their own two feet. A couple other four people said love Adam four people. So you're close. Cool. Two people said passion which maybe you could put in with love and make a category but I didn't. Two people love the magic. That all feels like it goes together. One said laziness. Magic love passion. Yeah laziness and automation. And of course stubbornness is back. I'm going to go with that. Our stubbornness answer reoccurs. So that rounds out our game. So at the end of six rounds CSS podcast 312 key framers you guys played a heck of a game. It came down to it at the very end. But at the end of the day CSS pod champs once again. Congrats. Great job. Good job. Sean David. You killed it. Thank you. Thank you. It won't be better. I still like your source control answer. Thank you. This audience just needs to get on board. They do. They really do. Especially the Ruby guy. The Ruby guy. Come on Ruby guy. Well I couldn't remember any runtimes the beginning of this. I was stuck. That was tough. So at the end of the Super Bowl they interview the winning team and they ask them very heartfelt questions and so I'll do that now with Una and Adam. Adam you put your heart out there today. You had some silly answers. You had some sarcastic ones that really hit. I felt like you really reverberated with our audience if that's even the right word which it's not. What was your emotion when you realized that this final answer was correct. What did you feel? Thanks Jared. When I came into that final question you know I was listening to Una. I was listening to all the options and I really just had to internalize it. That's me sipping Gatorade. But you know what as soon as she said impact I knew it. I felt it to my core. It was just so obvious. And so we went with that and then we won. I love Adam's football voice. Oh he left the screen. He's out of the frame. Una you know at the end there we thought we had maybe a fumble. You didn't realize you could even talk. And so Adam's over there. You left him on an island. No communication. He's fumbling and bumbling. He's saying things that don't make any sense. And then out of nowhere at the very end you swoop in and you bring your logic and reasoning. What motivated you to swoop in at the end there? Well I gotta say it's a team effort. I wanted to make sure my teammate had a platform, was able to get out, was on his mind. And honestly I was just being a little silly in that moment. But here we are. All that matters is we made it in the end. We made it in the end my friend. We ended up on top. She says PUNCH! I'm in a chair. I can't run. Very good. Well I'd ask you what you're going to do with the winnings but of course there aren't any because this is a silly game show. We're going to Disneyland! Made by silly people on a silly podcast. Oh we're not going to Disneyland? You can go to Disneyland if you like. It's just going to cost you quite a bit I believe as it's a hot place to travel these days. Well Keyframer guys thanks so much for playing. David and Shaw you are a valiant effort. We really appreciate that. Of course CSS Podcast you're invited back to defend your championship the next time as we asked 30 questions on this survey and we only used six. So we have a lot left in the barrel so to speak. And we don't have to nag our listeners to play some more games. So that's very cool. Of course one of our listeners will be drawn at random for that free Jays party. T-shirt. And we only have one of the people that took the survey so stay tuned for that. We might announce it in our Slack and I'll also email you if you're the winner. If you're not the winner and you want some of that sweet sweet swag merch.changeitall.com of course go get yourself a t-shirt. But yeah this has been Front End Feud. Another awesome battle. I've been Jared this is Jays party. And thanks y'all. We'll talk to you next time. If you had fun listening to this episode, check out the back catalog. This is the 6th time we've hosted a feud. You can also find every dev game show we've ever played at changelog.com slash topic slash games. And on Spotify in my dev game show playlist for those of you who like to mix your music and your pods. Like I mix my mashed potatoes, gravy, peas, turkey, corn, and everything else together at Thanksgiving. Actually, that does sound pretty good. Maybe I'll have to give Spotify one more look. Nah, I'm good. Oh, you're still here. And let me thank our partners once again, Fastly and Fly. Thank you for helping us make JS Party possible. And of course, our beatmaster in residence, BMC. That front end feud theme song is off the charts. Thank you. Next up on the pod, Daniel Thompson from the TOWERY Project joins the show. Have you heard of TOWERY? It helps you build smaller, faster, and more secure desktop apps with a web front end. Kinda like Electron, but with a few important advantages. Stay tuned for that. We'll drop it in your podcast feed next week.